Test Cases
1. To maintain (enter, update, and delete) data on professors and their tasks for a selected semester.
2. To maintain (enter, update, and delete) data on required work load (Deputat) for each professor (full time or part time) for a selected semester.
3. To maintain (enter, update, and delete) data on external lecturers, their SWS for a selected semester and their addresses.
4. To maintain (enter, update, and delete) data on module elements offered in a selected semester for a selected degree (Studiengang).
5. To maintain (enter, update, and delete) data on services provided, i.e. list of module elements taught by IT professors for a different department(name of module element, name  of the lecturer, SWS, department which the service is provided for).
6. To maintain (enter, update, and delete) data on services used, i.e. list of module elements taught to IT students by a lecturer of another department (name of module element, name of the lecturer, SWS, department which the service is provided by).

7. To display a list of all the docents employed by IT department.
8. To display a professor' data (name und the lectures he teaches).
9. To display a external lectures' data (name und the lectures he teaches).
10. To query/to report a list of task for each professor for a selected semester.
11. To query a required work load for each professor for a selected semester.
12. To query/to report a list of all the external lecturers, their SWS for a selected academic half year and their addresses.
13. To query/to report a list of all the module elements offered in a selected semester for a selected degree (Studiengang).
14. To query/to report a list of all the services taught by IT professors for a different department (name of module element, name of the lecturer,
SWS, department which the service is provided for).
15. To query/to report a list of all the services taught to IT students by a lecturer of another department (name of module element, name of the
lecturer, SWS, department which the service is provided by).
